# Project 3: Website Portfolio

Note: All of my website project html/css/image files can be found in the website_project folder, my screenshots are in the Screenshot folder, and my Credits.md file is listed separately above this ReadMe.md file.

Right now for my Full Draft, I am pretty happy with the content that I have on the page. I might try and add some way to add in my Resume to the Contact Page (I might add a link to another page or try and display it somehow on that page). The part that I definitely need to work still is the CSS of the website, currently I have two stylesheets 1 is called stylesheet.css (I consider this my sitewide stylesheet) though I do have another stylesheet called blog.css (which I just use on my blog page). My Blog Page is currently the only one where I am "happy" with the CSS of it, though I would like the pink outline of the two posts to extend all the way to the other side as I think it looks a little off with the title. I was having trouble getting this though, and I wanted to make sure that I had a "complete" version to show today. WIth my Project page, I would like to make the layout of it more grid style, where the Soundscape project is in top left corner and the visual argument project is more aligned to the right. Though, this may look bad once I actually put it together, lol. With the home page, I am okay with how it looks now but I think it looks kind of boring. I want to make navigation tabs at the top, but have been struggling with this step. In addition, I want to make a logo or something in GIMP or Photoshop to make it more interesting (and meet on of the aspirational requirements). For the Contact Page, I want to align put the LinkedIn image link and GitHub image link on the same line but I'm not sure what else I should add to this page. Should I try and make a contact form that appears when you click a button? Overall, I think the main thing I need to work on is the CSS of the pages and any suggestions you want to give are defintely welcomed! This is my first "big" attempt at using HTML and my first time using CSS, so maybe take that into account when giving your feedback. Thank you!

